Updated title and inventory file (#421)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/ref-platform-non-inst-database-inventory.adoc

[id="ref-standlone-platform-inventory_{context}"]

> = Example inventory file for a database on the automation controller node or a non-installer managed database

Reviewer: Super long title that sounds like it covers most scenarios. How about shortening to something like "Database inventory file example"?

Reviewer 2: It is not a database inventory file example. It is a inventory file to install AAP. I think that the proposed title is correct  because it follow the structure of the other sections.

[role="_abstract"]

> This example describes how you can populate the inventory file to install {PlatformName}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to build an inventory file when installing {PlatformName}. 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand why this has to be changed. This sentence, in my opinion, is totally correct right now: 
This example describes how you can populate the inventory file to install {PlatformName}. This installation inventory file includes both {ControllerName} and {HubName} with a database on the {ControllerName} node or non-installer managed database.

Reviewer: Thanks for keeping me honest @adonisgarciac I'll delete my suggestion if it doesn't fit.

# Automation Hub Configuration
#
automationhub_admin_password='<password>'

> automationhub_pg_host='controller'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automationhub_pg_host='<controller>'
```

Reviewer: Replaceable value.

> automationhub_pg_host='controller'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
automationhub_pg_host='tower.acme.org'
```
I think that tower.acme.org is more suitable because as you can see, this is the automationcontroller host in this inventory example:  https://github.com/RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation/blame/main/downstream/modules/platform/ref-platform-non-inst-database-inventory.adoc#L19-L20

automationhub_pg_port='5432'
automationhub_pg_database='automationhub'

> automationhub_pg_username='automationhub'

Reviewer: Do you think you could put the example in a `ini/database.ini` file then reference it with an includes directive? 

Similar to what Kevin is doing here: https://github.com/RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation/pull/415/files#diff-64084273a8eab3e0c8b734bd9131033536167c8a0ad2cae15ff72993ee6a08dd
